the team showing here how it worked and
if you one galaxy s 3 likely you here
chaos is gerb 4.2.1 2 interest is here
this paw of an exception is already here
samsung voice recognition system for
display linked option prayer text
From the Brazilian language to the team.
camera mechanic one of you portuguese
from brazil
there was an example of voice
but rather find my own problems and
that this specific response galaxy
What Day is Today
All that old plate goes new team
8 explore it all is to exchange know
here the sensor rich boots voice is all
a tutorial this app tts here narrow
Oh my god, how much did I go to there?
It's much easier to understand here
Then I come back here in normal passion yesterday.
together and put it like this is the team in
match in date cup
OK
Yes, and then install the application and
samsung smt nor you will not compete
to do is install it when it
It was lira automatic. Come here.
without having to be copying
then come date date and paste these
applications in these sound applications
brief
for him this application here excerpts is
back to the top floor on the link all this the
copy and change and such brief tutorial there
You can not go wrong, it 's normal until this
roots flory here as I call myself I do not know
what is your name
Do not you think you are so forgetful thinks